#440 Update installation page (#442)
Inbibo/adonisfx_docs: docs/installation.md

> [!NOTE]
> - If you need to configure other packages for `HOUDINI_PACKAGE_DIR`, concatenate them separated by ":" characters.
> - For `ADN_INSTALL_PATH`, only a single installation path should be provided.

## ML Dependencies

> Some Adonis features require additional Python libraries to be installed. These dependencies are used for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AdonisML features require additional Python libraries to be installed. These dependencies are used for:
```

Author: Carlos requested the same, my take is that we should keep just "Adonis" because we need the libraries for AdnMLDeformer and AdnSmartTissue and they are FX features.

> [!NOTE]
> - If you need to configure other packages for `HOUDINI_PACKAGE_DIR`, concatenate them separated by ":" characters.
> - For `ADN_INSTALL_PATH`, only a single installation path should be provided.

> ## ML Dependencies

Author: I've not created a section per DCC but a single section.

If we want to include links referencing the training script, neural training tool, ml deformer or smart tissue per DCC, we may want to move this content inside each DCC section and add the links.

Let me know what you think @carlosmonteagudoinbibo.

Author: Apart from that, we already changed the Houdini env var `ADONISFX_INSTALL_PATH` to just `ADN_INSTALL_PATH` in previous tasks.

Reviewer 2: I think we don't need per DCC section.

> Some Adonis features require additional Python machine learning dependencies to be installed. These dependencies are used for:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some AdonisML features require additional Python libraries to be installed. These dependencies are used for:
```

Author: I'm not sure about this because AdnMLDeformer and AdnSmartTissue are available in FX.

- **Training**, when running neural network training through the **Training Script** or the **Neural Training Tool**.

> - **Inference**, when evaluating trained models through **AdnMLDeformer** or **AdnSmartTissue**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Inference**, when evaluating trained models on the GPU through **AdnMLDeformer** or **AdnSmartTissue**.
```

Author: Done.

The ML dependencies are not installed by default and must be installed separately before using any of these features.

> ### Method 1: Install from the DCC

Reviewer 2: Given that they subsections are super small, can we convert them into a simple list?

Author: Actually yes. Done.

Both Maya and Houdini include a utility to install the required ML dependencies directly from the Adonis menu:

**Adonis > Utils > Install ML Dependencies**

### Method 2: Automatic Installation from the Neural Training Tool

When launching a training session through the **Neural Training Tool**, Adonis automatically checks whether the required ML dependencies are available.

If they are not installed, the tool will display a dialog prompting you to install them before the training process starts.

### Method 3: Install Using the Command-Line Script

The ML dependencies can also be installed using the standalone installation scripts located in:

- `Adonis/python/adnml/run.bat` on Windows.

> - `Adonis/python/adnml/run.sh` on Linux

Author: Fixed.

This method is particularly useful when running training through the **Training Script** outside of Maya or Houdini, or when preparing a machine for automated training workflows.

> > [!NOTE]

Reviewer 2: I would change this to IMPORTANT

Author: Done.
